Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪ Here we are again
♪ In this special time of year
♪ Celebrating Christmas time
♪ Good times
♪ Playing in the snow
♪ Just like Eskimos
♪ Family and friends
sharing gifts ♪
♪ With the ones you love
♪ And we're so thankful to see
♪ Another year another year
♪ And if I had it my way
♪ I would stay
forever and a day ♪
♪ You're in my heart always
♪ Christmas in you
Christmas in you ♪
♪ It's the time of year
♪ It's the time
of year to share ♪
- They are not gonna
make that deadline.
What is that?
Hey. what the hell is that?
Are you crazy?
- Uh...
- Gimme that!
You know you ain't
supposed to be up there.
- I know.
- Oh my God.
- I promised the church
a few dozen cookies
for the community event.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Really. Roz?
- Uh...
- Does that look
like cookies. huh?
Well I may have
had a slight craving.
- Oh my God. what is that?
Ugh!
- It's a surprise.
- Is that peanut butter?
- Mm-hmm.
- You know that's not
good for the baby.
- I know.
- You are tripping.
Upstairs. let's go.
- I just need you to
get off of that laptop.
Do you plan on working
through the entire weekend?
No.
Actually. I'm
officially wrapped.
Your boo-thing is here
all day. every day.
to be your man servant.
- You promise?
- Mm-hmm.
Okay.
- Okay. baby.
Well. good. because
I could use some help.
- Well. good.
- Guess I can.
- You got it?
- Mm-hm.
- I'm here. baby.
- Which one?
- The cheetah one.
Okay.
- You're looking like a
little sexy. pregnant.
jungle cat.
- Yeah. growl your
butt up into bed.
Just tell me what you
need. baby. I'm here.
- Ooh. what I don't
need is the question.
Let's see. I have to
go grocery shopping
for Christmas dinner.
I have to prep the
house for family.
I have to prep the baby's room.
The doula sent over a last
minute list for the home birth.
and that comes with a side of
pushing out a whole human being!
Pssh. well. that's a-
- Ooh!
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
What was that?
You good?
- Oh.
Just a little gas.
- Baby. did you just poot on me?
- Nah. I pooted on my side.
Nasty
- Nasty on my side.
- But I still think that you're
stressing yourself
out a little too much.
- Dalton.
- No. don't you Dalton me.
'cause you already know
what the doctor said.
You gotta watch your
cortisol levels.
and this is the last stretch so.
you're supposed to
be relaxing. right?
- Yeah. but how am I
supposed to do that?
There's so much to do.
and who's gonna do it?
Who?
You and Esta?
Yeah. duh!
- The last time I had
you two make cookies.
they were so hard
Pete chipped his tooth
and he never forgot about that.
- Pssh. don't nobody
care about no Pete.
And whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa.
My cookies are way
better than that nasty
grilled. charbroiled cheese
mess that you had down there!
- I'm gonna make another one.
- You almost burned
the house down!
- You're so dramatic.
- And now you see.
Now you see. I told
you it was the oven.
It wasn't me.
I didn't mess up the cookies.
- Oh. it was the oven?
- It was the oven.
- No. no. no. no.
it was the game.
Was the game in the oven?
You were paying
attention to the game
more than you were
paying attention
to the oven.
- Okay. the game.
Yeah. so?
- Now. if we put the game
in the oven. maybe the cookies
would've turned out softer.
- Put the game in the oven?
So yeah I watched the game. so?
- Okay.
- Forget that.
Are you trying to say
that I can't cook?
- No. you can't!
- Are you saying
that I can't cook?
- You cannot.
And now I'm known as the woman
who makes concrete cookies.
Aw. baby!
I love your cookies.
- I know you do.
That's how we got here.
But I still think
you're stressing
yourself too much.
You know. you be doing too much.
Overexerting.
- I have people depending on me.
- I'm not worried about people.
You're the only person
I'm worried about.
and my son getting here
safely and healthy.
'Cause if my boy come out
with 20 toes. I'm telling you.
I am gonna rough you up. girl.
- Your baby's not gonna come
out with 20 toes. Dalton.
So what do you suggest?
- This weekend. anything
that doesn't involve you
or this baby. we
need to scrap it.
- Wait. are you saying
we cancel Christmas?
- Bingo.
- No.
- You said it.
- Dalton. no. no. no.
- No. you said it. not me.
- No. my mom and sister are
looking forward to coming here.
and as annoying as your
brothers are. they are too.
Dalton!
- Girl. do I look
like Santa Claus?
And do you look like Mrs. Claus?
No.
So their Christmas does
not revolve around us.
- Dalton. stop.
- Uh-uh.
- Give me the phone!
- Watch this.
- Stop!
- And...
Boom. just like that.
Christmas at the McKenzie
house is canceled. baby.
Ho. ho. ho.
- You really did that?
- Yeah. now you can relax.
- Wow!
- See?
- I'm going to sleep.
Whoa.
- And you are banned
for my dreams tonight!
Give me the covers.
- Wow. really?
That's what we doing?
- Mh-hmm. yes.
Cold-blooded people don't
need blankets anyway.
- Cold-blooded?
Wait wait. I thought you
was gonna give me some-
- Ah. no.
- No jungle love?
- Don't touch me.
No jungle love.
Anyway.
- Okay. that's what we doing?
- Yup.
- That's how you gonna...
All right. what what...
All right. well goodnight.
Goodnight.
Wow.
- Okay. fine. it's settled.
We both like mint
chocolate chip ice cream.
and you have to promise me
you'll buy me some one time.
Esta?
Who were you talking to?
What do you mean?
- What do you mean?
I'm talking about
on the phone. Esta.
- Nobody.
- Oh. yeah. nobody.
I got my eye on you.
- So have you thought
about what we talked about?
- Yeah. I have.
- Well?
- Well. I'm still
thinking about it.
But truthfully it's
probably gonna be a hard no.
- Dad!
- Esta!
What do you mean?
First it was basketball.
then it was gymnastics.
Now you're telling me
you wanna play golf?
What's gonna be next?
- I mean. isn't the
whole point of childhood
trying to figure out new things
and see what you're good at?
That's all I'm trying to do.
- Yeah. I mean. I
love that about you.
But it seems that you're more
addicted to the opportunities
and allergic to the work.
I mean that. baby.
You keep taking up
all these new hobbies.
and as soon as it gets
a little rough for you.
you drop it and go
to the next thing.
How will you ever know what
you're actually good at
if you don't stick at it
for longer than two months?
Come on.
- Look. I know it's expensive.
But I did the research.
and I really think
I'll be good at it.
- Baby. of course you're
going to be good at it.
You're a McKenzie.
- Good!
So then you'll pay
for the lessons?
No. I won't.
Come on. Esta. you're
all over the place.
What's up with you?
- Come on. dad.
- Oh my God. all right.
Let's make a deal. all right?
How about you take a break
so you can regroup and recenter?
As soon as you're ready.
I want you to write me a essay
about how bad you want
to take up golf. yeah.
and all this new research
that you done came up with.
And after I read it. then
I'll make my decision.
- Geez. a whole essay?
- Yeah.
And as a matter of fact.
I wanna hear about who your
favorite golfer is too.
- You're wild. Dad.
But okay. deal.
Okay. good. that's
my girl.
- So. since we're at the
bargaining table here.
you think you
might lower the age
I'm allowed to start dating?
Dating?
Man. wait. what?
No!
No. no. no. no!
Boys. I told you.
Books before boys!
Okay. always.
- Dad!
- Dad my butt. girl!
If you don't go downstairs
and get some breakfast.
Matter of fact. breakfast
before boys in this house.
Come on. let's go.
- Not funny.
- No. it's funny all right.
Talking about some boys.
Pssh!
Lord.
My baby's growing up too fast.
Really?
You eating tarts for breakfast?
- You know the deal.
- Good morning.
- Did you oversleep?
- Not really.
Just had to thaw
out a little bit.
- It's a cold world.
- Hm. who are you telling?
What are you doing.
what you got going on?
- Oh. just organizing
some of my thoughts.
which reminds me.
can you put the baby's
crib together today?
And run some of the errands
we talked about last night?
- Turning me into your
little slave. ain't you?
What. I'm just playing.
You know I will do
whatever you want me to.
- I appreciate you.
Mm little baby mama.
- And on that note. I'm
taking my breakfast upstairs.
- Oh. you don't like that?
I thought that's what
you said you wanted. huh?
- Wanted?
What did I miss?
- Trust me boo. you
do not wanna know.
But. I'm gonna take this time
to apologize to you for
all that from last night.
- Oh. did you have
a change of heart?
No . I didn't.
But. this ain't a dictatorship.
it's a relationship.
You're my partner. right?
So your opinion matters.
Plus I responded like a jerk.
And I'm not a jerk.
so this is me
apologizing. right?
- Yeah. about that.
I need to tell you something.
- What?
Who the hell is that?
You expecting somebody?
Uh-uh.
Knocking on my door
like the police.
Who is it?
- Merry Christmas!
Here you are honey.
And how are you?
Look at you.
- Oh my goodness.
So cold outside.
- Sweetheart!
Oh my God. look at this tree.
Oh my God look at this.
Great!
- Oh we made it.
we made it Mama.
- Yes we did.
Look. she looks like
she's about to pop.
- What the hell are
y'all doing here?
- Dalton. let the
kid stop playing.
- Yeah. I told them
about the mistake.
that it was a mistake.
- Oh. a mistake.
- Oh. what?
Anyway. this place looks
amazing.
- It looks great.
it looks amazing.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Thank you. Dalton.
- Oh gosh. you're so
sweet. honey.
- Oh my goodness!
- Oh gosh. yeah. yeah.
- Come on baby.
come on. get your sister.
- Oh. my goodness.
looks good in here.
- Man!
Who is it?
- Hey!
- Hey.
- What's up. Big D.
Yeah. my man.
- What's going on. big bro?
How you doing in here?
- What the hell is
y'all doing here. man?
- Damn. we got your text.
- Yeah. you got the text. right?
- You got the text?
- Yeah.
- You can't make up your mind.
is it Christmas or
it's not Christmas?
- All right. yeah man.
Merry Christmas.
- You know what I'm saying-
- Since you ain't
come empty handed.
- Yeah bro.
- Damn.
- Did you cook?
Yeah. I hope you
least got some snacks.
- Yeah. take this-
- Come on bro.
I'm gonna take this in there.
I'm gonna take my coat off man.
- Good to see you baby bro.
Hey.
Hey. what it do?
You know what it is.
- I had some sweet
tea on the drive-
- Yeah.
- You gotta drop him off?
Do I?
Where is it at. is it upstairs?
I'll go upstairs.
- To the right.
- Hey!
- Anybody else outs...
I can't believe
this. man.
Really?
Shit bro.
What's going on?
- It's about time you joined us.
- Whatever.
Had to finish being somebody's
little concierge/personal
servant.
- Mh-hmm. I see you still
got your sense of humor.
How you doing. brother-in-law?
- I'm good. Lisa. Lisa.
What's up with you?
Bro has told me you got
that new hair salon.
how's that going for you?
- Well. it's going real good.
- Oh good.
Just don't be one
of those salons
that expect you to come
with your hair half done.
before you sit in the chair.
- Aren't those the worst?
- Yes.
- They expect you
to come de-tangled.
washed. dried.
that's why I just went natural.
And they want you to
bring the products?
Oh. I don't think so.
Y'all know that's not gonna
be in my salon. all right?
Every style comes with a shampoo
and a conditioner.
that's ridiculous.
Good.
- That is fascinating.
You're still seeing
that loser boyfriend?
- Why you stay in my business?
- I only asked a question.
- Okay. don't start you two.
- You already know I ain't
paying him no attention.
- Hey. everybody.
- Hey. hi. honey.
Keep
going girl. come on.
- You kinda getting
a little big.
- Esta. come here.
- Oh. my goodness.
- She's a grown woman now.
- It's good to see you.
- Get out of here. girl.
You're so big.
- She's beautiful.
I bet the boys are lining
up to see you. honey.
- I hope dad's gonna help me.
- Hey. hey. hey. watch it.
- Uh-uh. I know you're not
gonna be that way with your son.
double standard.
- Double standards?
- I know when my little brother
and he's probably gonna treat
him the same way he does
our dear Esta.
- Exactly.
- Get all this
double standard crap.
Since you two fools done
showed up at my house.
I got a crib upstairs
that I gotta build.
Y'all go help me build it.
- No. no. no. no.
- For real?
- I'm a guest and
I'm eating breakfast.
- You ain't no guest.
you're a crasher.
- And if you gonna
be eating my food
and sleeping in my house.
you about to help
me build this crib.
So. get up. let's get it.
Uh-uh. I'm deadass
serious. come on.
Mh. let's go.
- Y'all ready?
- Bring it back with you
if you want. I don't care.
- Oh. I see you. gonna talk
about the double standard?
Now there has come
a time to do it.
- Yeah. don't worry about it.
we'll have cold beers for
y'all to keep you hydrated
while you.
Just grab some beers.
- Oh. wait. wait. wait.
wait not you. young lady.
You're on cookie duty. you
have to help bake. remember?
- I thought grandma and Auntie
Lisa were helping you now.
- Girl. you thought wrong.
- Not to make the cookies.
No getting out of here.
- All right.
Yes. ma'am.
- Okay.
Good girl.
- Now that we have that settled.
let me show you ladies
the rest of the house.
Okay. whatever.
- Be careful.
- Okay.
- I can't wait.
Be careful.
- I know mama.
- Oh. please.
- You look good. except
for that hat though.
- Honey. this isn't
a hat. this is sable.
You know. and we
need to get you this-
- You're sister still
wearing that hat in the house.
Yeah.
- Hello?
Yeah. I can't come.
My mom needs me to do something.
I tried but I mean. what am
I supposed to do. sneak out?
I can't do that. I'll
get in so much trouble.
Okay. okay fine.
I'm coming.
I just. I can't be long.
Okay. bye.
See you in a bit.
♪ Jingle bells
♪ Jingle all the way
- How do you cut these things?
- Why did I keep telling you?
You cut onions
under running water.
- Mama. you now how
hardheaded Lisa. is.
You can tell her how to do
something a million times.
she's still gonna do
what she wants to do.
- True.
- Um. I can. I can hear y'all.
- We know.
- Speaking of hardheaded.
are you still with Brandon?
- Don't get started with me
guys. don't get started with me.
- I'm just saying. Lisa.
you used to be smiling
and laughing all the time.
hanging out with your friends.
I don't want him to change you.
- You're just so dramatic.
Nobody is changing
anybody. I'm fine.
- You're fine?
- Yes. I'm fine.
- Fine?
- Yes. fine.
- Does he have a new job
or is he still
asking you for money?
- You know what?
How about we stop talking
about me and mine.
And we talk about you and yours.
Yeah.
- Oh. what about us?
- Mama. not you too.
- Well. since your sister
brought it up. I'm curious too.
I mean. after all the last
time we saw you two together.
you were divorced and now
you're living in this big house
and you're expecting a baby.
Do you plan on
remarrying. I hope?
- It's complicated.
- Make it uncomplicated. honey.
Please simplify it for mother
because I hope
Dalton doesn't expect
to get the milk for free
without buying the cow.
Moo-moo.
- Not that it's any
of your business.
- Oh. wait a minute.
- Oh. wait. mama. she said
get out of her business
is what the girl said.
get off frustrated
and get into a car.
mama. that's what she said.
- Oh. come on.
Lisa. seriously Lisa?
- All right. all right.
- Lisa. why do you
always have to put
so much sauce everything.
Okay. respectfully. mama.
- That's better.
- A few months ago. Dalton
did ask me to remarry him.
- What!
Come on now.
- I said. no.
- You said what?
- Honey. have you lost
your natural mind?
- No.
- Okay.
Okay. let's just start.
Honey. Dalton happens to be
my favorite. I'm sorry Lisa.
'cause the Tony with the
double boot. is a no go.
- It was Brandon's Miles.
- Okay. Brandon. Tony. whatever.
he had a double boot on the car.
- Yeah.
- This is not a big
deal. but it was Brandon.
- Honey. listen.
he's my favorite.
I could see how he loves you.
I could see it in
his eyes. honey.
A mother knows.
And it's hard to
find a good man.
And when you find one.
you've gotta hold on tight.
You gotta hold
on. you've gotta hold on.
- Grip it.
- Because otherwise you can
let him loose out there.
anybody gonna snatch him up?
Can't have these
good men out there.
- But that is so old school.
Dalton and I are taking it slow.
- I don't see the
slow in any of this.
The big house. the baby coming.
My grandchild-
- Doesn't look slow to me.
you know. with those
glasses really?
- Mama.
- Huh?
- Our lives. our business.
- Oh. oh.
- Oh. shit.
- Well. it seems to
me you wouldn't know
what came before us
if it stared you in the eye.
But I understand you
young girls today.
Lisa. the cookies are on.
- Oh no. Esta's
doing the cookie.
Mama. don't take it out
on your own daughter.
- She said out my business.
Imagine. imagine that.
Can I say. get out
my business.
She said-
- Exactly.
It's not funny.
- I'm sorry. she left us.
So. she said taking slow is
being nine months pregnant.
- You know what man.
this is ridiculous. man.
You would think that after
you'd have been around
the block a few times.
putting together a crib.
be a piece of cake.
- I'm telling you. bro. yeah.
I do not remember this
being that hard the
first time around.
Man. I think it's
adrenaline problem.
Why do they just want your
adrenaline to kick in. you know.
nothing seems hard when it's
new and exciting. you see?
- Yeah bro. you got a point.
- Yeah man. I'm trying
to tell you bro.
Jobs. kids.
relationships. everything.
Everything seems
easy when it's new.
- You speaking facts today.
- Yes sir.
- Big bro. let me see that
other screwdriver order. man.
- There you go.
- Swap me up.
- Yeah.
Hey man. just wanna say.
I really like what you y'all
are building right here.
You know. this house
is beautiful and
your family is too.
- We've got an imposter.
where's the real Dalton.
- What?
Don't take unless you're
getting soft on us now. bro?
What's up?
- I mean. maybe.
Dalton. look. I see
what you and Roz have.
And Pete. what you and Claire
had. and God rest her soul.
I don't know. I'm feeling like
I want that for myself now.
- Really?
- Yeah. really.
- That's how you are feeling.
- That's right.
Go check that window.
I guarantee it's a
blizzard outside.
The most selling dad.
- He'll just freeze over.
- Okay. yeah.
Look. I know it
sounds crazy. right?
I'm just thinking
about things right now.
I'm out there right
now and the streets
are like. they got
nothing for you.
It's just time.
- Okay.
- All right.
- New and improved. damn.
So. seeing somebody or what?
- Yeah. nobody serious.
- I see.
- It's time for
me to get focused.
Hey look. the game
out there is crazy.
It's all about swipes and DMS
and taking more
pictures of your food
than actually eating it.
Surveillance video. Snapgram.
y'all been on that one.
- Snap the gram?
- Bro. that's two
different apps.
you just put 'em together
like crazy dudes.
- Snap.
No. wait. well hold on.
Whoa. you said surveillance.
who are you dating bro?
A damn undercover cop?
- I might as well be.
Look. you can't go to brunch
without them recording
your every single move.
It's like the only reason
they're on the date
is to log on and compete
with other people
who are also on dates.
It's crazy.
It's like. here we
are. here we are.
- Come on.
- Okay.
- I mean. are you
actually interested in me?
Am I just there basically
to help you make content
for your page.
Just tell me.
- Facts though.
I mean. I get it.
you make sense.
- I just want some
real conversation.
Talk to me. ask me about my day.
Ask me about my
thoughts on our people
and how we're striving
and thriving in America.
Stop asking me. what
kind of job you got?
Is your bed up against the wall?
What kind of
headboard do you have?
- A headboard?
Who are you dating?
- Yeah. who are you dating bro?
But now I-
You getting
to my point?
- No. I get your point. man.
Look. I would prefer to
have brains and beauty.
So. yeah. I get.
- Exactly.
- Look. I've had it all.
And the stuff that used to
excite me just doesn't anymore.
I mean. I'm at a place
now where I don't know.
not looking for sex.
looking for thoughtful.
It's just not as easy
to find as it seems.
- Get the ham and the both.
Thick and thoughtful.
- Thick and thoughtful.
- Yeah.
- Cakes matter.
- Look man. when
I first met Clara.
Yeah. I don't think I was
100% ready to be honest.
It was something about
her. she had this quality
that I knew I just
did not wanna lose.
Decided to marry her. best
thing I could ever done.
- Yeah.
- And look. she was a great
woman. man. and that's for sure.
- Yeah.
Thanks man.
Yeah. it was...
Together what. 20 years.
Yeah.
If I had to do that
all over again.
the exact same way I would.
- I miss seeing
y'all together. man.
To hell with cancer.
- No. man.
The hell with cancer my man.
- You know. she fought
that good fight though.
It's a good thing that we
didn't leave anything I'd say.
I'm grateful for that.
my soul's is in peace.
- It's all done.
- Mh-hmm.
Now lets talk about
you. Mr. Dalton.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
- How about you. Mr. Dalton?
- You and Roz have gotten
back together for a reason.
You're gonna work out.
everything's gonna be fine.
but let me give you a
little word of advice.
Don't let it go.
Don't compromise. no
matter what. hold onto it.
You hear me?
- I'm listening.
- Hold on.
- If it was up to me bro.
we wouldn't have broken up
in the first place.
- I hear you.
She probably left you
'cause you got a
flathead screwdrivers.
Can I get a fill up
something here. bro?
- Who gets drunk
with a flat head.
- It's not the screwdriver man.
We'll need the pliers
to hold the both down.
I gotta get to the garage.
- Well. okay.
- I'll be back.
- Yeah. of course.
Let me go get it.
You got us doing the
work. this ain't my crib.
I ain't got no babies.
we put a crib together
in like 20 years. man.
Tag on instructions bro. I
don't know what this thing is.
- If the baby fall.
I'm blaming you.
That's what I just
saw on YouTube.
- Where did I put that thing?
Yeah.
Yeah. what are you doing?
- Uh-uh. and you better
not lie to me little girl.
- I can explain.
- Well. get to explain it 'cause
you ain't said nothing yet.
Uh-uh. what you hiding
behind your back?
Where did you get
that gift from?
- Well. this guy wanted
me to meet him somewhere.
- Him?
Who is him. Esta?
- Well. my boyfriend.
- Your boyfriend.
I thought we already agreed.
No boyfriends. Esta.
You're too young.
- But dad. I'm about to be
a junior in a few months.
I can handle this and school.
I'm not a little baby anymore.
- Oh you can handle it. huh?
Ever since you've been talking
about this little boyfriend.
you've been less than honest
and you've sure done lost focus.
and now you sneaking
around in my house.
I don't like that. I didn't
raise you like this. Esta.
Well. dad. I didn't
mean to sneak around.
I just knew that if I'd asked
you for him to come here.
you wouldn't allow him to come.
- So. why did you do it. huh?
Why did you do it then?
- Well. I'm sorry dad.
- Well. I'm sorry too. okay.
No. look at me.
Look. I want you
to feel comfortable
that you can come to me
about anything. all right?
Whether I agree with you or not.
Okay?
- I'm sorry dad.
And I won't ever do
this again. I promise.
- Yeah. you better not.
Look. I can't even
believe I'm about to say this.
but I will entertain
the little thought
of you having a boyfriend.
- You will?
- Only if I approve of him.
So. before you meet
up with him again.
you need to introduce him to me.
Okay. the right way.
- How about on Christmas?
- Yeah. that's for sure.
I will meet your
little punk boyfriend
on Christmas Day. okay?
- All right. cool.
Thank you dad.
- Girl. I swear-
- There you are.
Where have you been?
I've been looking for
you for over an hour?
- You know-
- She was upstairs with us.
helping with the crib
and the baby room.
- Well I need you downstairs.
not upstairs on crib duty.
You're gonna be up all night
if you don't get
started soon. come on.
- Yes.
- Yes. mom.
I will get started right away.
- Listen to your mama.
- And Dalton. the store.
It's Christmas Eve. it may
close early. I need you to go.
- Oh. yeah. yeah. I forgot.
You said you was gonna
give me the list.
- I'll text you. you
think you can manage?
- Girl. I done went to
the store for you before.
you taught me better than that.
- I did. didn't I?
- Yeah.
- Okay. get to it.
Girl..
Y'all still in here
struggling. ain't y'all?
Look. wife
said I gotta go
to the store for a minute.
So. I brought the tools.
Can y'all please finish
the crib for me. man?
- Isn't that convenient?
- Yeah. I'm saying-
- Please?
Do that for your brother. man.
I'll be right back.
- And he walks out.
Okay.
- Just like his dad.
- That's your brother.
Hi honey.
Mind if I come in?
- You don't even
have to ask. come on.
Oh my goodness.
Oh. my feet could use
some TLC right about now.
- You can use it next.
- No. you need it
more than me. baby.
So. are you ready?
- More than you know?
- Oh. I know.
Trust.
- How you holding up?
- Well. now that I'm face to
face with you. I'm just fine.
Yes.
- I told you
not to worry about me.
- You tried doing
that. I'm your mother.
You know. I have to say it.
but last year it was such
a challenging year for you.
with the divorce.
and I hated that-
- Oh. mama.
- I couldn't be here.
for what?
- I was fine.
I needed the alone time.
It worked out well though.
- Oh it did.
You know. you and
Dalton remind me so much
of me and your father.
- Yeah?
How so?
Well. let's see
where do I start.
When I was your age.
I was very ambitious.
Oh. when I was headstrong
and your father hated
it most of the time.
because my decisions
were not always right.
- Yeah. but you stuck
around though. right?
- Because I'm an excellent cook.
- You are.
- But seriously. I don't
know if I ever told you this.
but daddy threatened to
leave a number of times.
And then one day
he actually did.
- What?
Dad left?
- Yeah.
He packed up his old leather bag
and he got himself a hotel room.
And you know. I just thought
I was gonna just wait it out.
but no. in those few weeks
that your father was gone.
I learned that life wasn't
worth living without him.
Just wasn't worth it.
it wasn't worth being
right all the time.
- What are you
trying to tell me?
- Honey. I'm not
telling you anything
you don't already know.
I'm just sharing a story
about how I almost lost
what mattered most.
And I didn't need
to be in control.
- Wow.
- Listen. I'm gonna get
some rest before this dinner
and we're gonna have to
deal with the crazy Pete.
- And his mouth and
Esta's ears. my goodness.
I'm glad you came up.
- Me too. I want what's
best for you. honey.
- I love you.
- And that grandbaby
growing every day.
- Isn't he?
Okay.
- Bye.
- Yeah. you know. I want to man.
but I can't because of
the baby and all that.
Look. trust me. I know
I said that last year.
but look. this year we gonna
make it happen. all right?
The whole family.
Hold on. man.
I gotta call you back bro.
- Hey. let me help
you with this.
- No. no. no. no.
- It's all good.
Here!
- You ain't gotta do that.
- No. no. trust me.
- The struggle is real.
Yes it is. yes it is.
Let me guess your wife
sent you on a store.
- Is it that obvious?
Yeah. just a little.
- Yeah.
- But I get it though.
we've all been there.
- That's why you here too?
- Actually I lost my
wife some time ago.
Oh. I'm sorry man.
I didn't know.
- No. no. no reason
to feel sorry.
she's in a better place now.
But so every Christmas.
I try to remake her
corn. Casaro.
Doesn't always turn
out as good as hers.
but it always reminds
me of the good times.
- Yeah. that's good.
- Yeah.
- I bet it does.
- No. nowadays families are
so distant with each other.
it's not always my choice.
See. life goes on. we
create our own families.
or as people pass away. we
just fellowship less and less.
It's like for that life to get
in the way of a connection.
- That's right.
No. it's funny
that you say that.
I literally was just talking
to my cousin on the phone.
You know. family hadn't
been together a long time.
Everybody's all spread out.
Time is never just right.
- Yeah. yeah. I know.
Trust me. I know.
And you just can't
please everyone.
- Facts. facts.
Finally somebody who gets it.
- But I'd like to say that.
if you are blessed
to have family
that still have
air in their lungs.
love on them.
fellowship with them.
no matter what
life throws at you.
always make time for your own.
'Cause there will be a day
and there's no time left.
So. you have to create
those memories now.
- Yes. sir.
Sorry man. I gotta get
back to the wife man.
- Oh. yeah.
- So I'll keep going.
Thank you for that word.
- Yeah. you're welcome.
- You have a Merry
Christmas. man.
- You too.
- I'll go on.
- Take care. Dalton.
Man. I must be sleep
deprived. I'm tripping.
- Fill me up. give me some more.
- Mama did her thing.
- Did she?
- Listen. for the last time.
you do not put sugar
in grits. period.
- No. hold up.
You don't know what
you're missing.
- Oh. I know exactly
what I'm missing
and I'm fine with that.
Miss me all the way.
Everybody. butter. salt
and pepper. that's it.
- You probably think
spaghetti is an entree too?
- Yes. spaghetti's a
full and delicious meal.
- Hey. well hold on.
I'm coming to my
brother defense now.
- What.
- Thank you.
Depends on where you travel.
some places consider
spaghetti a side.
- Yes. Pam was on
fire. fish baby.
- Well then. depending
on where you go.
macaroni and cheese
is also an entree.
that don't make it right.
- But how did this
even become a topic?
- You Roz. when you
threatened to poison us
with your sugar regrets.
- Oh no.
Poison.
- Poisons?
- Okay.
- Oh no. he didn't.
No. he didn't.
- I remember when your big mama
used to wake the house
up with her grits.
the eggs. the bacons.
- Yeah. the bacon and pork.
man. you gotta add fried now.
- Lord. I wish I could
wake up to some bacon now.
- Oh.
- Only thing I'm
waking up to is vegan.
frosted flakes and
some damn almond milk.
- Okay. Dalton. whatever.
It's good for you.
- I'm not a vegan.
- It's healthier for you.
A little plant based vibes
never killed anybody.
- What?
- Actually that's not true
because cardboard
is also plant based.
- Help me. please help me.
- You are so chaotic tonight.
I cook. okay?
I just threw down in the
kitchen the other day.
all by myself.
She almost burnt
the house.
Hey.
- Uh-uh.
- Then She said. look.
smoke everything.
- Wait. wait. wait.
Don't tell me you are
over here like a cave man.
and you just want your
woman barefoot and pregnant
and waiting on you
here. the fuck bro.
No. come on now.
bro. come on now.
- Whoa. slow down sis.
don't do me like that.
You know how I feel about my-
- Hey. look D. I'm with you man.
That's how it is.
the 50/50 always.
- No in my house.
ain't no 50/50. bro.
Everybody holds their
own weight 100%.
- 100%. boo-yah.
- A hundred on Roz.
- Honey. I know I've asked
you this 1.000 times.
but I know you're excited
about the baby coming
around the corner.
So. tell me again.
when's the due date?
- Next week and it
can't come fast enough.
I feel like there's an
alien invasion in my body.
I want it out.
I like you pregnant.
- It will all come
back together.
but when's the doula coming?
- Oh. well. what's
the heck is a doula.
- She helps the midwife fool.
- What's a midwife?
- Don't worry about it. just...
- I actually-
- I don't know you.
- The doula helps keep
me calm and relaxed.
It's the midwife who
will help me give birth
right here at home.
And don't worry mama.
she'll keep me safe
through the entire process.
- All right.
- She's out of town this
weekend for Christmas.
but she'll be back in time
for me to go into labor.
- Well. look. my hats
off to all the ladies.
because that sounds way
too complicated for me.
- Yes. bringing a baby into
the world is such a blessing.
it's of no understanding.
And then you feel that
baby going inside of you.
and then it takes
its first breath.
It's so surreal.
- And that's how
me and Claire felt.
went on our first child.
I don't know if I remember. I
was like on sensory overload.
I thought I was gonna
pass the hell out. man.
- I was there.
We still got that on tape. man.
- You know. it's crazy.
- Remember that?
- First one. we'll do it.
- Yeah. the first one.
- Yeah. so. for the
life of you me then.
why are you having the
baby here at the house?
When you can have the
baby at the hospital
like everybody else?
- I don't wanna have it in the
hospital during the holidays.
like everybody else.
Mama I wanna be sleeping
right here on my own bed.
- Well. what if the baby stand?
- But what if the baby
comes pretty early.
like at the dinner table.
- We are blessed and
covered up in this house.
- Yeah. thank you.
- And plus mama's a
doctor. she can...
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
- I am retired.
I have delivered enough
babies to last me a lifetime.
I have no intention of
delivering another baby.
even if it is my
grandson. I'm sorry.
- Well. mama. you won't have to.
Esta came out late
and this little guy
will probably be the same way.
- Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Don't be trying
to text me up man
- That no wood.
- Wait. be careful man.
knocking at wood. man.
You don't know what
kind of spirits
you gonna conjure up doing that.
Careful.
- Get outta here with
that superstitious crap.
I don't believe in that
voodoo mumbo jumbo man.
- Okay. man.
Your house. your ghost.
So. now we
gotta go.
Correct.
Here it goes.
- So. tell me is your boy
toy feeling lonely again?
- You know I. I swear that
just must be some type
of condition for you to just
not be able to mind
your own business.
You know. you should seek help.
- And maybe you should
stop trolling rap concerts.
looking for love.
Get you a real man.
you know one that doesn't
bank on the Cash App.
- Oh my. uh-oh...
A real man?
- Yeah.
- Like you?
A washed up athlete.
still living vicariously
through his Michigan days
falsely believing that
40 is the new 30.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Guess what?
It's not.
- Bro. you're gonna let
her talk to you like that?
- Roz is having a baby.
insults are out of the way.
How about some dessert?
Dessert?
- You know what?
I'll take some pie.
just pass that along.
We need some
sweetness going on at.
- 40 is the new 30.
- That's what I'm saying.
- You still got it.
- I never lost it bruh.
- You're not listening.
- Home made. mama?
- Why am I not surprised
you would be down here
hauling up all the good snacks.
- Why am I not surprised
your hound senses
could sniff them out.
- Ooh.
- Care to play?
- Ladies thirst.
But hey. hey...
Let me show you what it is-
- Wow.
so they didn't teach
you how to share
in grade school either.
- Maybe. maybe not.
Let me show you what
to do. and watch it.
- Aim for the middle.
- Shut up.
Come out of my way.
I hate this game.
- Yeah. I hate you too.
- Shut up.
Let me ask you a question?
- Shoot.
- What do you think
about our siblings
getting back together
again after you know?
- Honestly?
- No. lie to me.
- Okay. you still got it Lisa.
- One point for Lisa.
- Yeah. a point for Lisa.
Look. so you wanna disrespect
me in front of the family.
and now you want my opinion?
- I'm sorry.
- Well. here it is.
- I don't think about it.
Roz is a great woman and
my brother's a decent guy.
That's it.
- I mean. but is that
good enough reason
for them to get
back together again
after they separated though?
- They didn't separate
Lisa. they got divorced.
- Same thing. you
know what I mean.
- No.
- They're not married anymore.
Look. I get you.
but I don't get you.
Listen. from what I know.
they didn't split up over
some disrespect or craziness.
- No.
- They just went on the
same page. that's it?
You know. sometimes
things have to fall apart
to get put back together the
way they should have been.
it's life.
- I guess you're right.
Everybody loves a
good comeback story.
- Yeah. especially me.
Speaking of which.
- Ooh. trash. trash.
I'm watching trash.
- Why is it so windy out here?
I just. wow.
- Move. move. move.
- Just so you know. the
circle in the middle
is where you wanna be.
- Shut up.
I need quiet. I need quiet.
- Quick. so.
I'm so
sick of you right now.
I mean that counts. but
only if you're in Canada.
Here we go. watch this bullseye.
It hit the bullseye.
- It's fine. it's fine.
- It totally hit the bullseye.
And then it bounced off.
- Can I say something?
I'm sorry.
- I beg your pardon.
- Don't tell nobody.
I couldn't hear you over
the slow.
What?
- I said. I'm sorry.
I was a little extra at dinner.
- A little bit.
- But you be on my neck though.
you be right here on my neck.
- Okay. I was a little forward.
- A little. a little?
- Ashamed.
- Walked out through the door.
as soon as we walked
through the door.
you were like. yo. what
you doing with your man?
What it is?
- You got your attitude.
Okay. like. you sometimes
just. you know. bring it out.
- Well. I'm sorry.
You just pushed my
buttons just a little bit.
but I shouldn't have
did that at dinner.
I'm sorry. I was out of line.
- You know the funny thing.
kind of pushed mine too.
So. call it even?
Now. that's out of
the way. watch this.
Trash.
- I say the blue.
definitely the blue.
- You think so?
- Mm-hmm.
- And you know
what else I think?
- What?
- I think that this would
go perfect with that.
- Wow.
You're right.
- Mh-hmm.
- I can wear this tomorrow?
- You can do more than
wear it. you can have it.
- Really?
- Yes. really.
- Thank you.
Now. hold on.
This isn't in the place
of my Christmas gift.
Is it?
- Oh girl. and if it was?
- You just playing. right?
- I don't know
baby. I don't know.
So. what's going on with you?
Something is
different about you.
- What do you mean?
- I know that look
from anywhere.
you more particular
about your clothes.
you sneaking off at all hours.
- Who told you that?
- Look. you can't slick
a can of all young lady.
Remember I used to
be your age once.
Now. who is he?
- Is it that obvious?
- Yes. actually it
is now dish. tell me.
- Okay. okay.
My boyfriend. his name is Brian.
- Oh. okay. Brian.
And how long you've
been seeing Brian?
- Long enough.
- Okay.
And how does Brian treat you?
- Like a princess.
- And do princesses sneak off
in the middle of the moon?
- I mean. hello.
Romeo and Juliet.
- And we see how
that turned out.
Look. my only advice to you
is just don't lose sight
of who your parents raised
you to be and you'll be okay.
- I like that. auntie.
I really do.
- Good.
Good. I'm pooped.
A hot shower and warm cups
as I call in my name. Lisa.
Now. don't stay up too
late now. all right?
- I won't.
- Good.
And another thing.
have y'all kissed?
- Ew. no. no
- Well. good. keep it that way.
- Really?
- Nah. it just sounded like
the right thing to say.
Good night. girlie.
- Good night.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
- What are you still doing up?
- Can't sleep.
Plus there's gifts that
still need wrapping soon.
Today was good. huh?
- Yeah.
You know. it went a lot
smoother than I thought.
I mean. we had a few
bumps along the way.
but it wasn't nothing major.
- Tim and Lisa.
- Yeah.
- What are we gonna do
with those two?
They've been at each other's
throats since they met.
If I didn't know any
better. I'd think...
- Uh-uh.
No. I can't.
I don't even want that
vision in my head.
Gross.
What about her situation though?
You think she's
gonna be all right.
- If I were a betting woman.
I'd say she'll figure
it out in her own time.
- No better than me.
So. how was the catching
up with your mom today?
- It's great. actually.
She's still applying
the pressure
for us to get married again.
That's crazy. right?
- What's so crazy about that?
- Dalton. come on.
- What do you mean. come on?
- We talked about this.
- No. we didn't.
If I recall. I asked
you to marry me again
and you turned me down.
That doesn't really sound much
like a discussion does it?
- That's not fair. I
just said not right now.
- Okay. then when?
- Dalton. can we not
do this right now?
- Do what?
- This.
- All right. what is it. Roz?
Are you scared of me?
Or are you scared of us?
What?
- It's everything.
Look. the first time I thought
we'd be together forever.
and look how that turned out.
Dalton. that was painful.
I don't wanna go
through that again.
- Hold on.
If I recall. you left me Roz.
you do remember that. right?
- Yeah. but you
didn't fight for me.
You just walked away.
like that's what you
wanted all along.
- No. it wasn't
like that. come on.
- Even if that's true.
which is debatable.
say we do get
married again. right?
And we get Esta's hopes
up. and my hopes up.
and you wake up one morning.
just resenting me and realizing
this isn't what
you really wanted.
- I mean. you're
pregnant with my son.
you're the mother of my child.
What about this.
could I not want?
- You act like we planned this.
This wasn't planned.
we're two people
who went too far one
night over some tequila
and here we are.
- Wow.
Really?
- Dalton. I didn't
mean it like that.
Just drop it. okay?
- For the last time
I'm with my family.
I'm not out here
partying and carrying on.
it's not that type of truth.
Look. if I didn't answer the
phone. it's because I'm busy.
All right. I'm not
your answer machine
that's available for you 24/7.
I not trying to get smart.
Like. I'm here now.
what do you need?
How much. Brandon?
Brandon. I just gave
you near that amount
a couple of weeks ago
and I never got it back.
Hell. what do I look
like ATM to you?
- No.
I get the crypto. maybe
the next best thing.
and I am all for
you investing in it
with your own damn money.
No. I didn't...
Brandon?
Hello?
Bran...
No. he didn't.
Ooh. you got it?
- Yeah.
Girl. Esta did her
job on these cookies.
I don't even know what this is.
Is it Macadamian nuts and
chocolate chips or what is that?
I love it when she put
those chunks in it.
those chunks and girl last
she's gotten so much
better than last year.
'Cause last year. girl.
the chips were so hard.
Are you okay?
- Me?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. why?
- Oh no. you just seem.
you just seem different.
- Are we making a mistake?
- You picked a fine time
to ask that question.
when the baby about
to pop out.
Look. I'm sorry.
I just don't understand What
scares you so much about this?
- You wouldn't understand.
- Oh. because I'm not married.
I don't have any common sense.
Girl. a blind man can see
that Dalton is a good man.
You know. do you need
your vision checked?
- No. Lisa. I didn't
mean it like that.
I know Dalton is a good man. I
don't need my vision checked.
He just feels...
- What. it feels
too good to be true?
- Yes.
- You left him. remember?
Hell. he never would've left.
if you hadn't pushed him away.
Not you too.
You are lucky to have a
man that cares about you.
Not everybody has that.
- You wouldn't-
- Girl. don't mention his name.
- Why do you put
up with that. Lisa?
- I guess the same reason
that Dalton could tell you.
- The same reason
daddy put up with mama?
- Exactly.
Girl. love makes you
do some crazy things.
Let's get these
cookies up in here.
Dry your eyes.
Okay. we're gonna be
going up in this church.
You cry in the
street. mascara down.
- Look. on snap gram.
you just choose whichever
one. you know what I'm saying?
- Look up.
- Hey. look at mama
has got her present.
You can tell this game.
you can tell they got
his name all over.
- You see what I'm saying?
That's why we stopped
doing secret Santa
because of his cheating.
but do you see that-
- Hey. look. that
is a piece of art.
and it's sad that you came
all the way here for that.
Anyway. it's Christmas.
so can we just move on?
Leave me alone.
- Show me snap the gram.
- Oh. look here. hold on.
- Hey dad.
- Hey baby.
- So. I wrote my essay on
why I wanted to play golf.
- Your essay. right?
Let us hear it. go
ahead. give us a summary.
- Dad. just a summary?
I wrote this whole thing.
- Baby. I just wanted
you to write it
so you would see it
through. you know.
Remember that work ethic thing
I told you about. all right?
But we listening. lay it on us.
Yeah.
- Okay. so. when my
friends let me tag
on the course for a scrabble.
I was amazed the
amount of people I met
and bonded with over the way.
I met a member of the commerce.
an executive from
the top company
that offered and
gave me a letter
of reference if
I ever needed it.
- Really?
- I'm there.
- Okay.
- And so. that's it.
that's my reason.
Golf is where the
deals are made. Dad.
You hear that?
- Yeah. wow.
- My little baby. a
boss in the making.
- I sure am.
And not to mention
it's literally so fun.
and it gives me access
to people I wouldn't.
haven't already able to reach.
not to mention it's fun.
Dad. I really wanna do it.
- Yeah. I do.
Okay. look at me.
Tell me about your
favorite player.
- Clemmie Perry.
she literally started
playing it as a hobby
and then noticed the entire
sport can use some diversity.
She bridged a lot of gaps
dad. for girls like me.
- Girls like you.
How about that?
- I don't know.
still on the fence
about that golf thing. man.
We'll think about it.
Pass me that gift.
Here. I forgot to give you this.
I had to take your mind
off that golf stuff.
- Can I open it?
- Yeah. open it now.
- Does this mean...
- Uh-huh.
You're gonna be the
best golfer ever.
- Thank you dad.
And you know. I will.
'cause I'm McKenzie.
- Hey. that's what
I'm talking about.
just like your uncle Tim. right?
- Put that McKenzie stink on it.
- I sure will.
- Yeah. a little tiger.
a little. lady tiger.
- That's right.
- Lady Tiger Woods.
That's my girl.
- Who is that?
- I'll get it.
- Boy. did you invite
one of your little snap
the gram girls over here?
- This the snap gram bro.
- Pete. get on this.
- Yo. snap the gram.
- I'm trying to tell you.
they think it's done for.
Uh. extra cake.
Hey. everybody.
This is Brian. my boyfriend.
- Your what?
- Who?
What did you say. boyfriend?
- Boyfriend?
- We rolling up on this joint.
You. you are the boyfriend?
- Talking about your boyfriend.
I'll be judge of that.
- Esta. I think I forgot
some gifts upstairs.
Why don't we go
upstairs and get them.
- Yes. ma'am.
- Now. I'm gonna talk to
you later about this. Esta.
You see this boot on.
walked up in my house?
- What's up man?
Walked over here like
you are mute. you talk?
- Yes. sir.
No.
- Oh. you know what to say.
- I bust you homie.
I'll roll up on you.
- You're just gonna look
at us like you're stupid.
say something.
- No. sir.
- Well. what you gonna do?
- Say. you're sorry sir.
Increase the pace of your voice.
- I'm sorry. sir.
I'm sorry!
Man. welcome
home. man.
- So. Mr. Brian.
Your name has been popping up
a whole lot around here lately.
- Yeah.
- Good thing to finally
put a face with that name.
- Yeah.
Where you from. son?
- Originally from
North Carolina. sir.
But my family moved
here few years back.
- Now. you a only child?
- No. sir. I have
two older brothers.
- Let me ask you this then.
Why are you hanging out with
my niece instead of them?
- Right?
- Excuse me. sir?
- It's a question.
- He's just messing
with you. man.
- I ain't messing with him.
It's a fair question.
- Answer the question.
- Look. man. the
question is this bro.
- How'd you meet my niece?
Where was it though. y'all
are one in class together?
- Yeah.
- And so what?
- Something like that.
I met her at school. she was
studying and doing pep rally.
She was looking good.
So. I don't know.
- Hey. watch your mouth.
you little thunder cat.
- Respectfully. sir.
- So. you play sports
or something. in
your little school.
- Football. safety.
- Oh. well.
- Look. football.
- He is safe.
- He want safety.
don't come across
the middle play.
- This boy.
- Well look. are you any good?
Huh?
You take football serious?
That's what you
wanna do. long term?
- Not really. it's
more of a pastime.
I actually enjoy tech.
and I plan on majoring
in the stem program.
I wanna work down in
Silicon Valley one day.
- Throw that boy.
- Silicon Valley?
- Tech.
- Smart guy.
Big money.
A tech man.
- Well. aren't we impressed.
- That's all right man.
there is a lot of
money in tech. man.
So. what school you wanna go to?
- I'm going to Norwell
Tech in the fall.
- And tech.
- Okay.
So. what you going
down there for?
Camp or something?
- No. sir.
To attend full scholarship.
- Full?
- scholarship?
- Full Scholarship?
Wait. hold o.n. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
What grade are you in. son?
- I'm a senior. sir.
- Wait. whoa. whoa.
Oh hell no. look at this.
- Hold on. son.
Don't you know my baby
is barely 16-years-old.
and you damn near a grown man
and you don't come up at
my house disrespecting me
talking about you
a boyfriend. huh?
- I know the optics look bad.
but technically we're
only a year apart.
- You better explain it.
'cause we finna put
these paws on you son.
- So. when I was in
elementary school.
they thought I was too advanced.
So they put me in AP classes.
I swear on everything.
- Mh.
- So. why are you messing
with my daughter. Brian?
Why don't you get somebody
in your own grade. huh?
- I mean. why not her?
- Wow.
- Are you trying me. man?
- Huh?
- No. sir.
Respectfully.
That's just no ordinary girl.
She's smart. she's kind.
She's adventurous
and she's real.
She doesn't try to be
anyone else but herself.
and that's somebody I wanna
take home to my family.
- Hm.
Yeah. okay.
Man. I
kind of feel that.
- I guess you are smart.
Yeah.
- And if it's all right
with you. or with you all.
I would like to get
your permission there.
- I will approve of it for
now. but I'm watching you son.
We all are.
- Yeah.
- For sure. all right?
- Yes. sir.
- Dad. what's going on here?
Just getting acquainted with
your little boyfriend here.
- Bonding.
- Big time.
- Sure about that?
- What in the world
is going on here?
- That's what I'd like to know.
- And who is this?
- Mh. I know who this is.
- I'm gonna let your
daughter explain who this is.
- Ma'am.
- Well. mom. I just.
- Let's get outta here.
- I was wondering if we
could talk for a second.
- Oh. no. not right now.
Perfect.
Yeah.
- I can help you.
- Hey. hey. hey. can I talk
to you for a minute outside?
- You got one minute.
- That's what I
said. one minute.
- One.
- Okay. I'll take that.
- Trust.
- Okay. it's fine.
All right.
- What's up man?
You like to hit?
I mean I hope you
can take a hit.
Hey. gonna feel the
power of the Pete. boy.
What's my name?
Stand up when I'm
talking to you. man.
Look me in the eye.
Why would you salute. man.
We ain't in the army.
The hell are you doing?
What's my name. man.
Uncle Pete. uncle Pete.
- Put some bass in your
voice. talk like Mike.
- Uncle Pete.
- So. you brought me out
here. what do you want?
- Wow. I see you're
still miscongeniality.
- Look. I can leave-
- No. no. no. no.
Look. I'm sorry. I
really do come in peace.
- You just can't help
yourself. can you?
- Oh no. I can't. because
you make it so easy.
- Look. I got your easy.
what do you want.
it's cold out here.
- I noticed you're
not your normal self.
and I don't wanna overstep.
- Which is exactly what people
say right before they do.
- I overheard your
phone call last night.
Lisa. why do you fool
with that dude. come on.
Look. you are too smart
and too good of a woman
to allow any man to
talk to you that way.
- Oh. you mean the
way you talk to me?
That's okay though. right?
Because we're family.
I gotta accept anything you
give. nobody else. right?
- I'm sorry.
Look. I'll be the first to admit
I'm a little hard
on you sometimes.
- A little.
- But I see so much
potential in you.
and you're not gonna reach
it fooling with that dude.
Look. he's not worth your time.
and I think you
deserve much better.
- Look. I know. it's just
crazy how you can lose yourself
in someone to the point where
you just trick your mind
into thinking you can do
better or survive without him.
- Lisa. you are a beautiful.
intelligent. stubborn.
anD ambitious woman and any
man would be lucky to have you.
If I wasn't your
brother brother-in-law.
- But you are. so. get
that outta your mind.
- Of course. that's
what I'm saying.
but just imagine all of
the other men out there
who are just waiting in their
lives for a shot with you.
It's gonna happen in time.
but not until you
handle your business.
You know what you
gotta do. right?
- Yeah. I know.
Thank you.
Really. thank you.
I have you
back. you know that. right?
- Yeah. whatever.
- Okay. no. it's cool.
Let's go. can we
go inside please?
- You're gonna stop
telling me what to do.
- When you loose. I'll be
your problem. come on now.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
- So you did it.
you survived my dad.
- And your uncles.
- Oh yeah. them too.
I should have warned you.
- Yeah. you let me into the
lion's den then with that one.
But I enjoyed it.
- You did?
- No.
- See. I knew it.
- It was intense though.
I haven't felt that much
trust since the SATs.
But I get it. they're
just looking out for you.
Question is. did
I pass the test?
- Well. I mean. you're still
walking on both your legs.
so. I'd say yeah. you did.
- Yeah.
I guess you're right.
I'm hungry. let's go back
inside and get something.
- Me too. I'm starving.
And my grandma's
apple pie is no joke.
- For real?
- For real. for real.
Look. so then he
says. he wants to be in tech.
Yep. that's good.
What's
wrong with tech Tim.
what's wrong with being in tech.
- What's wrong with that. Pete?
Look. I looked up his stats.
I mean. he's pretty good.
I think with a little
bit of development.
he could make the league.
- That's the thing though.
Black men don't have to
aspire to play a sport
just because they're good at it.
- Oh. he's right.
- It's like people telling you.
do you play basketball
because you're tall?
- And he's not tall at all.
- I'm just saying. the height.
- It's not about me in this
moment. I'm just saying.
- Tim. come on.
- Listen. Tim you're
so damn political.
- I'm tired of ball.
- In that case.
I can't stand you bro.
- Yep. Brian. man.
Look. don't. don't worry
about that one there. okay?
- You'll never win one
with that. that's real.
- So. miss Marie.
- Yes.
- I cannot wait to
taste your apple pie.
- The wait is over.
- That's why I love
me some of this.
- Hey. Pete.
But you'd like
anybody to feed you.
- That's true.
- That's true. that's
very. very true.
- Look. you gotta defend
yourself now. player.
- Yeah.
- Crazy dude.
Serious
moment real quick guys.
I wanna make a toast.
- All right.
- Because we almost didn't
come together this week.
- Um. because of who I wanted.
All right.
that's on me. that's my bad.
But honestly. I'm glad
that all of you made it.
because I love you.
you're my family.
and we're nothing
without family.
we're nothing without love.
So. raise your
glasses and let's pray
that we never have to wait
this long to be together again.
All right. family.
- Family.
- My man.
- Church call.
Mh-hmm.
- I love y'all. man.
Oh. it's all
back to you brother.
- Since we're all here together.
I would like to say family
is love and I love you guys.
but you never apologize
cracking my tooth last year.
Oh. come on man. you
are still talking about that.
- Whoa. who. whoa. I already
told you that we're not.
it was the oven. bro.
- Why did you change
your name to oven?
- Ooh!
- Really. really?
Jams?
Ask her.
- You're not gonna come
to your dad's for this?
Right. right.
- Those cookies were hard.
- Oh. wow.
- That's why we needed a break.
- Oh. God.
God. oh. wow.
You understand?
Exactly.
- No. no. no. I think
my water just broke.
You could still stay.
- What?
- But ma'am. you
water is right there.
- No. young man.
My water just broke.
- Oh.
- Damn.
- We got a baby.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. what
do you want me to do?
Call an Uber?
- No. no. it's
too early now. no.
- Call an Uber.
- How is she?
- She did good.
And you did great.
Oh my God.
I'm just so glad that
you decided to come.
- If you're glad?
I'm glad.
Look. I just took
her vitals. okay?
They're good.
- Okay.
- Just get off the phone with
her doctor and guess what?
She'll be here first thing in
the morning for a house visit.
- How are you even
able to pull that off?
- She's my daughter.
- Oh my God.
- I love you. Dalton.
- I love you. thank you.
- I know.
- You can now go in.
- Hey. you okay?
- I am so proud of
you. you did amazing.
- Well. I couldn't have
done it without you.
This has literally been
the best Christmas ever.
- I heard that my son
is here. safe and sound.
You're safe. the whole family
was here to be a part of it.
I'm just filled with joy.
You know. I am
truly. truly blessed.
- We're blessed.
- Yeah. we are.
We are blessed.
- I've been thinking about
what you said last night.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Don't even worry
about that. all right?
Your feelings are valid. okay?
And I don't want you to feel
like I'm forcing
you to do anything.
- I don't feel like
you're forcing me.
- Okay.
It's accepted. all right?
But I want you to
know something.
I'm not going anywhere. okay?
And you can do whatever
you want. all right?
As long as I'm here and I'm
with my family. I don't care.
it's the only thing I want.
- You mean that?
- Yeah.
- You're okay with me
doing whatever I want?
- Whatever you want.
- Okay. then
Ask me.
- Come on.
- Ask me.
- I've been in love with you
since the first time I met you.
and I still feel the
same way to this day.
I will never leave you again.
I love you. Roz.
Will you for a second
time. for the last time.
marry me again?
- Yes.
Yes. I will.
- I'll tell you
when I washed up.
- I stay good. you understand?
- That's what I'm saying.
- Hey. man.
- That's what it is.
- Come on man. can we not take
so much time in between visits?
Why we gotta have a
baby to see each other?
- That's what I'm saying
man. it ain't gotta be that.
- No way it's like that.
- But no. honestly. man.
glad y'all decided to
come. we needed this.
We got your back.
you know that. man.
- Yeah.
- Here's my question.
- What?
- What's up with that ring?
- Yeah. we saw it.
We saw that ring.
What's up with that?
- Got in this treasure hunt.
why he ain't just tell us?
We're your brothers. man.
No secrets amongst us.
- What you thought I wasn't
gonna put a ring on it?
That ain't my baby mama.
man. that's my wife.
- I get it.
- It not that. but you gotta
let us know dawg. come on. man.
- It just happened. and
I wasn't really trying
to make a big deal out of it.
- It's a big deal.
that's what I'm saying.
- So what. y'all
wanna have a big deal.
you want me to have a wedding?
- Yeah.
Yeah. let's do it.
- Y'all boys just want to
have another bachelor party.
- I mean. I'm not saying no.
- That's it. cool.
We can have another
wedding. a bachelor party.
whatever y'all wanna do.
- Sound like a plan.
- Let's do it. man.
- Find a thick and
thoughtful girls.
- Hey. bro.
- She got it all.
- Come on now. bring it in man.
- I love y'all man.
- My brothers. man.
- Good seeing you
popping. let's get it.
- Let's step. let's do this.
Tell wifey. hey.
- She gonna be all right.
- If you need anything. man?
- Oh. when I call y'all to
babysit. you can come on.
- Well-
- Anything but that.
- All right then
- I just changed my number.
- Call Pete. he's
a great babysitter.
- So when I call you
to babysit. pick it up.
- Yeah. all right. man.
I just changed my
number. I'm sorry.
- Yeah. right.
Of all the places...
Oh. my baby brother.
- Look at my grandson.
- Popped him out. girl.
- Didn't I?
- You did good.
- I couldn't have done it
without you all pulling
together for me.
Right by my side.
- Mom.
- Yeah.
Thank you. love.
- Wait. wait. wait a
minute. what is that?
- Wait a minute.
- Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Is that a baby fist?
- Yeah.
- Look at that are you...
- Honey. did you...
- Okay.
- Oh. shh.
So. last night I was thinking
about my family and about us
and what you said
about dad and mom.
- Hmm. honey.
- And I thought. why not?
Why not?
- Why not?
- It's been the
best Christmas ever.
- It has.
- Family's finally back together
again for real. for real.
- For real. for real.
- For real.
- I love you guys.
- Because family is everything.
Yes.
- Oh. look at that baby girl.
You had that Christmas dinner
smelling like..
- Huh?
- Nothing.
- What question?
- Lisa being Lisa.
Okay. well.
♪ Oh
♪ It's been a few years
♪ Since the last
I was with you ♪
♪ Just hanging out
♪ And spending time with you
♪ It's been so long this
day couldn't come too soon ♪
♪ I just wanna be with you
♪ It's another holiday
♪ Take my hand and celebrate
♪ If you hear me
♪ Then I'll say
♪ I'm gonna love you forever
♪ Let's take time
for each other ♪
♪ I knew that you
will always be there ♪
♪ 'Cause you're my family
♪ I knew your love
will always stay ♪
♪ Forever and ever and ever
♪ I knew your love
was all I have ♪
♪ Until the end of time
♪ Merry Christmas
♪ I knew that you'll
always be there ♪
♪ 'Cause you're my family
♪ I knew your love
will always stay ♪
♪ Forever and ever and ever
♪ I knew your love
was all I have ♪
♪ Until the end of time
♪ Merry Christmas
♪ Spreading love
on Christmas Day ♪
♪ Show a little
love on Christmas ♪
♪ Time for merry
♪ Time for children
♪ And the ones you love
♪ Spreading love
on Christmas Day ♪
♪ Show a little
love on Christmas ♪
♪ Time for happiness
♪ And be thankful
♪ Only time for love
♪ It's another holiday
♪ Take my hand and celebrate
♪ If you hear me
♪ Then I'll say
♪ I'm gonna love you forever
♪ Let's take some
time for each other ♪
♪ I knew that you
will always be there ♪
♪ 'Cause you're my family
♪ I knew your love
will always stay ♪
♪ Forever and ever and ever
♪ I knew your love
was all I have ♪
♪ Until the end of time
♪ Merry Christmas
♪ I knew that you'll
always be there ♪
♪ 'Cause you're my family
♪ I knew your love
will always stay ♪
♪ Forever and ever and ever
♪ I knew your love
was all I have ♪
♪ Until the end of time
♪ Merry Christmas